country 50 

country_details.js:9 country :  New Zealand
country_details.js:10 region :  Oceania
country_details.js:11 Sub-region :  Australia and New Zealand
country_details.js:12 Population :  5084300
country_details.js:8 
country 51 

country_details.js:9 country :  Denmark
country_details.js:10 region :  Europe
country_details.js:11 Sub-region :  Northern Europe
country_details.js:12 Population :  5831404
country_details.js:8 
country 52 

country_details.js:9 country :  Aruba
country_details.js:10 region :  Americas
country_details.js:11 Sub-region :  Caribbean
country_details.js:12 Population :  106766
country_details.js:8 
country 53 

country_details.js:9 country :  Montserrat
country_details.js:10 region :  Americas
country_details.js:11 Sub-region :  Caribbean
country_details.js:12 Population :  4922
country_details.js:8 
country 54 

country_details.js:9 country :  Kenya
country_details.js:10 region :  Africa
country_details.js:11 Sub-region :  Eastern Africa
country_details.js:12 Population :  53771300
country_details.js:8 
country 55 

country_details.js:9 country :  Bulgaria
country_details.js:10 region :  Europe
country_details.js:11 Sub-region :  Southeast Europe
